what's up guys creative empire here and
I'm back with my career mode as you can
see i'm scheduled in a fight and let me
see you go ok ok i picked this guy he
looks like a bum but he's ranked 26
which is what we're ranking to me so i
want to fight this guy and this is
assess on my title of the video my first
pro fight it's my second I lied to you
I'm sorry but the first fight was born
because I didn't even change my guys
shorts call me picky my changes shorts
up a little bit i don't have sponsored
and on by chance of color and put like
the THQ and all that sponsor on there
but i don't have like real like official
sponsors i guess you could say it but i
get them a couple more fights in but
this is for the for now you're watching
my second play right here when you
schedule a fight you can either choose
to go train with the new camp and so you
can learn a new move or you can level up
moves that you've already learned as it
says right there on the screen and you
can learn different moves depending on
what can't you go to like this one I
went to black house which is MIT Leo
Machida Anderson Silva the Nogueira's
whatever and you just learn different
ways I chose to learn a new head kick
Moyes awesome move ha Wow Muay
thai-style it kid all you do is you go
in and you just kick like I mean it's
pretty simple you just it tells you how
to do the move then you just gotta do it
three times within the time limit and
that's it you learn it so you can use it
in your fights and of course there's a
bunch of moves and they all have
different ways of doing it obviously but
that's what I learned for right now and
I'm not to fight this guy and before you
find somebody as say there's a vent
coming up you can watch the event like
say you watch like computer versus
computer fights and say like UFC 130 was
on you can watch it and it's obviously
computer versus computer but it's pretty
cool that you can watch stuff like that
it makes it look kind of like Vargas is
real life as you can be considering it's
a video game but it's pretty cool
because it makes it it goes along the
lines of the career mode I don't do it
I just go straight to my fight but for
some people might want to watch that and
it makes it feel like it's more of a
career mode and I guess that's pretty
good a little subtle thing and I don't
have had any other ones because I really
didn't plan to curb moon the other ones
but I'm playing this curve career mode
because of course the servers are down
once again I got two fights in today
online ranked and then what do you know
they shut down says the servers are
messed up again and I don't know why
they can't fixed up in their third game
five it's been like five years of you
have seen disputed games and they just
can't not to mention like the developing
before that then they just can't get the
servers right i mean come on it's not
that hard really isn't pushing the 2012
every game has online almost and this
one you can it's unplayable and yeah the
work done well I'm stuttered because I'm
so mad I guess I don't know what Sutter
but the event one of the developers
saying how it's gonna be fixed by the
beginning of this week but that's it
shouldn't take that long I party already
discussed this in a video before this
but it shouldn't do that they should
they should be able to work at least
maybe not as soon as launch night
midnight release but it should work the
next day I mean you pay sixty dollars
for that but yeah and I'm fighting an
advanced right here which is the hardest
difficulty you can play the first time
around and it's two is really easy
especially for this guy being ranked
lower than me rocked up a couple times
with some folks and go night night he's
on top of them done and it sucks to the
hopefully it gets harder and as of right
now five I know I believe and I'm
fighting for the title and this WFA
Alliance world fighting alliance I'm
fighting for the heavyweight title so
they'll be coming up soon I don't know
him to show the video of that or my
first fight in the UFC probably the
first fine do see because it sounds more
appealing because a lot of people don't
even know what the WFA is or what it was
so the first UFC fight i'll probably put
up which will be coming up soon fry
tomorrow maybe the day after that I mean
I've been cranking out videos left and
right I feel like so don't want people
to not watch him if I make them
too fast here's a good replay I don't
like how they stop fights when it's not
really it doesn't look like they're
really getting hurt that man that one I
was getting good but sometimes it you
know what I mean I'm rambling on thank
you for watching please comment rate and
subscribe add me on PSN I'll put it in
my description and yeah tell me if you
got this game and tell me if you like
the career mode or if your servers suck
too thanks again